README.md, before:

# 🗂️ Educa
 Educates tutors and students for private classes in various subjects.

 - [📑 Summary this app](#📑-summary)
 - [🧰 Technologies and tools used](#🧰-technologies--tools)
 - [📝 License](#📝-license-used)
 - [✍️ Team](#✍️-development-team)

### 📑 Summary
Platform that connects tutors with students to give private classes in different subjects. This platform can include various features to facilitate finding tutors, scheduling classes, conducting online sessions, and administrative management for tutors and students.

### 🧰 Technologies & Tools
A brief summary about technologies and tools used to build this application:

#### Stack
- [Java 23](https://openjdk.org/projects/jdk/23/)
- [Spring Boot 3](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)

#### Tools
- [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/pt-br/idea/download/?section=windows)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/downloads/)
- [Notion](https://www.notion.so/pt-br/download)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)

### 📝 License used
This project is intended to be free and open source for anyone to use. Therefore, this license is MIT, to check more click on [this link](https://github.com/rodrigoge/educa/blob/main/LICENSE).

### ✍️ Development Team
The Educa app is being built by me with love ❤️. For more information, click [this link](https://github.com/rodrigoge) to my github profile.

Commit message:

docs: editing README and adding docs folder

README.md, after:

# 🗂️ Educa
 Educates tutors and students for private classes in various subjects.

 - [📑 Summary this app](#📑-summary)
 - [🧰 Technologies and tools used](#🧰-technologies--tools)
 - [📝 License](#📝-license-used)
 - [✍️ Team](#✍️-development-team)

### 📑 Summary
Platform that connects tutors with students to give private classes in different subjects. This platform can include various features to facilitate finding tutors, scheduling classes, conducting online sessions, and administrative management for tutors and students.

### 🧰 Technologies & Tools
A brief summary about technologies and tools used to build this application:

#### Stack
- [Java 23](https://openjdk.org/projects/jdk/23/)
- [Spring Boot 3](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)

#### Tools
- [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/pt-br/idea/download/?section=windows)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/downloads/)
- [Notion](https://www.notion.so/pt-br/download)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)

### 📂 Docs
Click [here](https://github.com/rodrigoge/educa/docs/) to open documentation folder of this project.

### 📝 License used
This project is intended to be free and open source for anyone to use. Therefore, this license is MIT, to check more click on [this link](https://github.com/rodrigoge/educa/blob/main/LICENSE).

### ✍️ Development Team
The Educa app is being built by me with love ❤️. For more information, click [this link](https://github.com/rodrigoge) to my github profile.
